### HTTP Status Codes
https://www.moesif.com/blog/technical/api-design/Which-HTTP-Status-Code-To-Use-For-Every-CRUD-App/

#### 100 - 199
These are informational status codes; they usually tell the client that the header part of the request has been received and the server will try to comply with a transmission demand of the client. Like using a different protocol or telling the client that its request will fail before they start sending the body.

#### 200 - 299
These are the success codes. They tell the client that its request was accepted. In case of asynchronous processing of a request (202), this doesn’t mean the request was successfully processed only that it met all validation requirements at the time of sending.

#### 300 - 399
These are redirection codes. They tell the client that the resource they are requesting isn’t available at the expected location anymore. This can have multiple reasons, be temporary or permanent, but the client has to issue a request to the new location.

#### 400 - 499
These are the client error codes. They are all about invalid requests a client sent to a server. There are several causes to this, timeouts, wrong URI, missing authentication, etc. A client is sending incorrect input and should confirm the input parameters are correct before retrying the request.

#### 500 - 599
These are the server error codes. Often they indicate problems with overwhelmed servers or unreachable servers behind proxies, but sometimes they can be directly related to client requests that trigger error exceptions on the server. These errors can be temporary or permanent. Usually it’s best for the client to retry the same request.

#### Custom Classes
Custom classes, that is, classes above 599 aren’t permitted but used by some services anyway. For API designers, they are relevant as bad examples. API client creators, however, have to deal with them.

Wrong URLPermalink
When a client sends a URL, we don’t know. This can have multiple different reasons, so we have to check which of them applies here.

### Status Codes

 - 404 Not Found - This is the most natural of responses and should be used in the case that the client URL was wrong.
 - 405 Method Not Allowed - In many frameworks we define the URL alongside the HTTP method, so removing one of these definitions could leave all but one methods to one URL intact. The response has to include an Allow header field that lists what is allowed to do.
 - 501 Not Implemented - Like 405, but the method is missing for all resources on the backend.
 - 406 Not Acceptable - The URL exists, but the backend can’t send a representation the client will accept. So for that specific client, the URL behaves like a 404, but they now know that they need to update the client.
 - 410 Gone - This is like 404 but we know that the resource existed in the past, but it got deleted or somehow moved, and we don’t know where.
 - 414 Request-URI Too Long - This is sometimes the case when the endpoint is right, and the resource exists, but the query makes the URL too long to be interpreted.
 - 308 Permanent Redirect - This would be the right code if we know that a resource has moved to a different URL and we can tell the client about it.
 - 307 Temporary Redirect - Same as 308, but we don’t know if the resource will be back on the original URL or another different URL in the future.

No PermissionsPermalink
 - 401 Unauthorized - The client hasn’t authorized itself to the backend yet and the server may give it access after that has happened.
 - 403 Forbidden - The client has authorized or doesn’t need to authorize itself, but still has no permissions to access the resource.
 - 404 Not Found - If 401 or 403 is the case, but the backend doesn’t want to tell the client that the resource exists for security reasons.
